README.md, before:

BGG_feed is a collection of useful utilities, can be used to handle BGG feeds.

Next to this one this library contains small utilities to get prepared for Messe Essen:

- We keep track of Games we are interested in a google sheet, where the format is fixed. 1st worksheet contains the links to the game's BGG page.
 
	 `essen2016.py` python script creates a 2nd sheet and pulls out all relevant data from BGG for these games -> this will help us creating our plan for the 2 days visit.
  
- Eric Martin is creating a big list, where all relevant information is available; this list is read through and the booth numbers, games prices (list might be longer in the future) will be collected and stored into riak. This can be triggered by calling: `review_eric:read().`
As his list for 2016 not avalibale yet, currently I'm using his 2015's list to get prepared.

- There is an RSS field called `"http://boardgamegeek.com/recentadditions/rss?domain=boardgame"` an other utility willl check the neew feeds and store new games as well. 

To start this functionality call `bgg_feed:start().`


TODO:

1. make rebar up-to-dae to handle mochiweb dependencies - DONE

2. start riak on the local machine and make sure data we collect will be stored into that database (try to write the code in a way that storage should be possible changing to mySQL easily)

		2.1 install riak on your local machine
   
		2.2 start riak
   
	   `cd ~/external/riak-2.1.4`
	   `bin/riak start`
	   
		2.3 let's assume 127.0.0.1:8098 is set as istener.http.internal
   
		listener.protobuf.internal = 127.0.0.1:8087
   
3. modify the python script to use data stored in the database when we are dealing with fields not available on BGG (Booth number, Price)
4. From Eric's 2016's GenCON list -> Price sometimes added as MSRP tag (simliar to teh Price) in the Body section -> update the code!
5. http://www.merz-verlag-en.com/new-releases.html page contains a link to a pdf file (http://www.merz-verlag-en.com/uploads/2/1/4/0/21405396/neuheiten_8.7.pdf) where new releases are listed.
Write a parser which will pull information from this sheet might be interesting for us.
6. try to find a solution making sure google sheet will be user friendly (format, etc)

Commit message:

bgg_feed_utils:add_price(Game_id,PriceStr). added

README.md, after:

BGG_feed is a collection of useful utilities, can be used to handle BGG feeds.

Next to this one this library contains small utilities to get prepared for Messe Essen:

- We keep track of Games we are interested in a google sheet, where the format is fixed. 1st worksheet contains the links to the game's BGG page.
 
	 `essen2016.py` python script creates a 2nd sheet and pulls out all relevant data from BGG for these games -> this will help us creating our plan for the 2 days visit.
  
- Eric Martin is creating a big list, where all relevant information is available; this list is read through and the booth numbers, games prices (list might be longer in the future) will be collected and stored into riak. This can be triggered by calling: `review_eric:read().`
As his list for 2016 not avalibale yet, currently I'm using his 2015's list to get prepared.

- There is an RSS field called `"http://boardgamegeek.com/recentadditions/rss?domain=boardgame"` an other utility willl check the neew feeds and store new games as well. 

To start this functionality call `bgg_feed:start().`


TODO:

1. make rebar up-to-dae to handle mochiweb dependencies - DONE

2. start riak on the local machine and make sure data we collect will be stored into that database (try to write the code in a way that storage should be possible changing to mySQL easily)

		2.1 install riak on your local machine
   
		2.2 start riak
   
	   `cd ~/external/riak-2.1.4`
	   `bin/riak start`
	   
		2.3 let's assume 127.0.0.1:8098 is set as istener.http.internal
   
		listener.protobuf.internal = 127.0.0.1:8087
   
3. modify the python script to use data stored in the database when we
   are dealing with fields not available on BGG (Booth number, Price)
   - DONE
4. From Eric's 2016's GenCON list -> Price sometimes added as MSRP tag
   (simliar to the Price) in the Body section -> update the code!
   -DONE - check formatting and unicode characters
5. Create an API to the Riak and Mnesia database to be able to include
   price information from local shops, etc...
   -partly done:
   `bgg_feed_utils:add_price(Game_id,PriceStr).`
6. http://www.merz-verlag-en.com/new-releases.html page contains a
link to a pdf file (http://www.merz-verlag-en.com/uploads/2/1/4/0/21405396/neuheiten_8.7.pdf) where new releases are listed.
Write a parser which will pull information from this sheet might be interesting for us.
7. Unicode not supported for Riak keys -> find out a method to convert
   Publisher names to a string which does not contain unicode
   char's. (need to be done on the parsing side (Erlang) and the
   google docs handling (Python) side as well
8. try to find a solution making sure google sheet will be user friendly (format, etc)
